[10:40, 3/30/2021] Hanzala: Department of commerce 

“The purpose of education is to make good human beings with skill and expertise…Enlightened human beings can be created by teachers.”        
                               Dr APJ Abdul Kalam

The Department of Commerce was established in 2010-11 with the sole aim of providing commercial education to the rural students. The Commerce department is the largest department of the College. Department is enriched by 6 lecturers. Commerce faculty aims to develop student’s personality in character in mind. The Department offers Bachelor of Commerce degree course with intends to provide a foundation for students who plan to pursue their career in business, commerce, accounting etc. Commerce department arranges various activities for improving student’s practical knowledge with confidence such as class room seminar, wallpaper presentation, Group discussion, Guest lecture, welcome and send off function; as well as motivate the students to participate in various Lead college activities, workshops and other events.

Rich Faculty :

The department has adequate well qualified, competent faculty who are dedicated to the academic and overall development of the students community. The faculty members regularly participate in Seminars and Workshops in order to upgrade themselves with the recent developments in their respective disciplines. 

Objectives:
The objective of the Department is to impart knowledge and skills considered essential for facing the challenges of the rapidly changing environment in the field of trade, industry and commerce. To provide holistic and value based education for overall personality development of the student. To improve soft skills to bring about balanced personality development of the students.

Message from HOD:

The Department has the pride of being one of the best departments in our college. The Department of Commerce was graced by the presence of well experienced and dedicated faculty members. The teaching highlights of the faculty of our department are Learner- centric, ICT enabled, Project based, continuous assessment and comprehensive & realistic evaluation. The increasing number of applicants year by year for the B.Com Programme is a testimony for the efficiency of the department. Department regularly organizes Guidance lectures by eminent persons for the benefits of the students. We care for the well being of the students and help them to be civilized and responsible citizens.